[PLT-1396] Imagenes bastionadas (#659)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/ROOT/pages/installation.adoc

* Certified operating systems
+

> Para garantizar las funcionalidades del _control-plane_ gestionado de EKS, es necesario usar las imágenes proporcionadas por Stratio. Estas se pueden consultar en la sección de xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc[artefactos de _Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_] de la documentación.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the functionality of the EKS managed _control-plane_, it is necessary to use the images provided by Stratio. These can be found in the xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc#_images_for_cloud_environments[_Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_ artifacts] section of the documentation.
```

* Certified operating systems
+

> En los entornos de GCP no gestionados, se deben usar las imágenes proporcionadas por Stratio. Puedes consultarlas en la sección de xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc[artefactos de _Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_] de la documentación.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In unmanaged GCP environments, you must use the images provided by Stratio. You can find them in the xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc#_images_for_cloud_environments[_Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_ artifacts] section of the documentation.
```

* Certified operating systems
+

> En los entornos de Azure, se deben usar las imágenes proporcionadas por Stratio. Puedes consultarlas en la sección de xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc[artefactos de _Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_] de la documentación.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Azure environments, you must use the images provided by Stratio. You can find them in the xref:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric:ROOT:stratio-generative-ai-data-fabric-artifacts.adoc#_images_for_cloud_environments[_Stratio Generative AI Data Fabric_ artifacts] section of the documentation.
```
